add start of whats new page WIP (#2415)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/whats-new.mdx

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## February 14 - March 4, 2022

### Communications
- **Office Hours** - We have combined our two office hours into one which will be held every Thursday, 10:00 PM IST / 8:00 AM PST. This office hours is open to all. Contact Kamlesh Thakur, if you would like a calendar invite.

### Roadmap Updates 

> - **Page Layouts** - Completed dashboard template for a [3 column dashboard layout](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/dashboards#three-column-dashboard).

Reviewer: ~~We need to get link and language from @bahriaditi~~

Added. ☝️

> - **Page Header** - Completed research and use case gathering for Page Header and began design ideation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Page Header** - Completed research and gathered use cases for Page Header and began design ideation.
```

> - **Banner Notification** - Completed ideation on Banner Notifications. Guidance, theme updates, and implementation examples for Banner Notifications will be coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Banner Notification** 
  - Completed ideation on Global Banner Notifications.
  - Added support for [Global Banners and actions](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/pull/5958) to Grommet's Notification component.
  - Guidance, theme updates, and implementation examples for Global Banner Notifications are coming soon.
```

Author: so I was going back and forth on adding this information referring to the Notification that is on the Grommet stable release just since we haven't added guidance and wasn't sure if users may use it the incorrect way

### Stay current with the latest changes 

> - **Layer** - Updated our [Layer modal example](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/layer#center-modal) on the Design-System site. 

Author: yes the `layer` and `fileinput` were both aligning with figma so I can take those out

> - **FileInput** - Updated [FileInput examples on Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/fileinput) to align with Figma assets that adjust the button label (e.g., "Select Files" to "Select More Files") when files have already been uploaded.

Reviewer: 🤔  This also seems like its not quite newsworthy

> - **Menu** - Added an example of [Menu in a toolbar](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/menu#within-a-toolbar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Menu** - Added an example of [Menu in a toolbar](/components/menu#within-a-toolbar). This pattern displays a search input, filter button, and action menu presented as a unified set of controls. The intent is to present each control with equal prominence.
```

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## February 14 - March 4, 2022

### Communications
- **Office Hours** - We have combined our two office hours into one which will be held every Thursday, 10:00 PM IST / 8:00 AM PST. This office hours is open to all. Contact Kamlesh Thakur, if you would like a calendar invite.

### Roadmap Updates 
- **Page Layouts**

>   - Added support for `xsmall` breakpoint. This is a **breaking change** in the theme and requires instances where users are using small as a breakpoint to shift to mobile designs need to change their check to `xsmall`.

Reviewer 2: We haven't merged this yet in the theme so I don't think we should announce this yet. Additionally, we need to create some kind of migration guide to instruct folks how to ensure nothing breaks in their UI. And we should have that created before releasing the theme.

Author: that's fair I can take it out. agree we can chat about that since we also need something for the text weak as well

  - Completed dashboard template for a [3 column dashboard layout](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/dashboards#three-column-dashboard).

> - **Page Header** - Completed research and gathering use cases for PageHeader; gave a share out on PageHeader to the team and commenced ideating designs for PageHeader based off of use cases and feedback gathered.

Reviewer 2: Wording suggestions:

"Completed research and use case gathering for Page Header and began design ideation."

I don't think the "shareout to the team" is valuable to include because who is "the team"? and feels strange since none of the stakeholders were involved in that shareout.

Author: I agree Ill reword

> - **Banner Notification** - Completed ideation, gave a share out on Banner Notification to the Design System team. Ideation on Banner Notification on the Design System site to come.

Reviewer 2: I think we want to focus on what a design system user will want to know about these topics. Wording suggestion:

"Completed ideation on Banner Notifications. Guidance, theme updates, and implementation examples for Banner Notifications will be coming soon."

### Stay current with the latest changes 
- **Layer** - Updated our [Layer modal example](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/layer#center-modal) on the Design-System site. 

> - **FileInput** - Figma calls for FileInput button label to change when files have already been uploaded this example was added to the [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/fileinput).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **FileInput** - Updated [FileInput examples on Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/fileinput) to align with Figma assets that adjust the button label (e.g., "Select Files" to "Select More Files") when files have already been uploaded.
```

> - **Menu** - Added an example of when Menu is placed in row with other toolbar controls to the [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/menu#within-a-toolbar).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Menu** - Added an example of [Menu in a toolbar](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/menu#within-a-toolbar).
```
